nowadays it's pretty common to see
celebrities going under the knife to
keep their natural beauty but there are
still plenty of mature models and
actresses who choose to say no to
plastic surgery and age gracefully and
beautifully here are just a few of them
number one Isabella Rossellini apart
from being an exceptionally famous and
loved actress model and philanthropist
Isabella Rossellini is also a gorgeous
woman in one of her interviews
Rossellini confessed that she's never
had cosmetic surgery because she's
simply afraid of it instead she treats
her skin with a good facial cream and
her body with a plethora of organic
foods well whatever she's doing
definitely works at 63 years old
Rosellini became a new face for the
popular cosmetics house lancome proving
once again that you can look stunning at
any age number 2 Sharon Stone Sharon
Stone has always been undeniably
beautiful from her early work as a model
to her fantastic roles as an actress but
how has she managed to keep her youthful
look through all these years well one
thing's for sure plastic surgery is
definitely not it in one of her
interviews Stone said that she doesn't
feel that it's right to distort yourself
with facelifts and other procedures so
she prefers to keep it natural and get
this she uses affordable drugstore face
creams and essential oil blends good to
know
number three Brooke Shields even at 53
years old Brooke Shields continues to be
a beauty icon and even though Shields
tried Botox in the past she openly
admitted that she wasn't a big fan of
the final result in her interview with
Ladies Home Journal
shield said that she may try something
with a light touch like laser treatment
but she's not really into the idea of
turning to a surgeon because she's
scared that she'll end up looking like
the Joker well it's not like she needs
plastic surgery anyway her natural
beauty is still shining bright number 4
Salma Hayek the incredibly enigmatic
actress from Frida and from dusk till
dawn is certainly one of the most
undeniable examples of aging like a fine
wine Hayek is now 52 years old and she
looks as amazing as ever and no plastic
surgery involved in her interview for a
lure magazine
Hayek said that she personally isn't a
fan of the plastic surgery look and has
never had anything done to her face
props to this great actress for keeping
it real
[Music]
number five Jodie Foster another
gorgeous and gifted actress Jodie Foster
has a strong opinion about plastic
surgery as well and it's definitely not
a positive one she expressed her
feelings in an interview for People
magazine saying that she'd much rather
have somebody go wow that girl has a bad
nose than wow that girl has a bad nose
job
Foster prefers to keep it natural and
isn't afraid of wrinkles and other
things that come with aging good for her
number six Andie MacDowell during her
interview for Jen Lux magazine star of
Groundhog Day and for weddings in a
funeral Andie MacDowell admitted that
she hasn't had plastic surgery done
because she's perfectly fine with where
she is but this doesn't mean she doesn't
have her own little secrets she tries to
add one hour of aerobic exercises into
her schedule every day to keep her body
healthy and she uses essential oils and
natural scrubs to treat her skin no
wonder she looks fantastic number seven
Emma Thompson if all the celebs I talked
about before simply don't choose plastic
surgery as an option charismatic and
talented Emma Thompson is strongly
against it she even founded the British
anti cosmetic surgery league with two
other equally amazing actresses Kate
Winslet and Rachel Weisz during her
interview with Hello magazine Thompson
called plastic surgery mad and added
that she doesn't recommend it to anyone
[Music]
number eight Sigourney Weaver Sigourney
Weaver who you certainly remember from
her roles in alien and ghostbusters also
chooses a natural aging process over
nips and tucks in one of her interviews
Weaver said that she likes aging and
never notices age in people's faces well
in the case of this outstanding actress
it's definitely true her natural
radiance and charm are only getting
stronger
number nine Lauren Hutton incredibly
popular and talented seventies top model
Lauren Hutton isn't in a rush to get
plastic surgery on the contrary she's
proud of her wrinkles when she sat down
with the Telegraph Hutton said her
wrinkles are our medals of the passage
of life they're what we've been through
and who we want to be and this wise
philosophy together with regular use of
coconut oil which she's made a part of
her skincare routine since she was 22 by
the way are surely working for Hutton at
75 she definitely doesn't look her age
number 10 Halle Berry Halle Berry who's
well known for her roles in Catwoman
monsters ball and tons of other projects
is another advocate for aging naturally
in her interview with Yahoo Beauty she
opened up about the pressure of getting
plastic surgery in Hollywood but
admitted that she's never done it
herself
instead she takes good care of her skin
and works out regularly sharing pictures
of her training sessions on Instagram
[Music]
number eleven Michelle Obama the former
First Lady of the u.s. is also among the
ranks of people who prefer to age
naturally and gracefully however that
could change in the future during her
interview with People magazine Obama
said that right now she can't imagine
herself going in this direction but
added that she's learned to Never Say
Never
still there's very little chance that
the former first lady will even need it
because she looks just as fantastic as
ever number twelve Cindy Crawford Cindy
Crawford is definitely one of the most
recognizable models to have ever entered
the fashion industry and while some
supermodels choose to keep their look
fresh with a bit of plastic surgery
Crawford prefers the natural path taking
good care of her skin and working out
regularly her ultimate secrets are
microdermabrasion masks good sunscreen
and a daily dose of moisturizing
products
number thirteen Meryl Streep
three-time Oscar winner and one of the
most talented actresses of all time
Meryl Streep believes that we all have
to embrace the fact that we're getting
older when she sat down for an interview
with Good Housekeeping she admitted that
she simply doesn't get the whole
plastic-surgery thing well looking at
the 69 year old Beauty one thing's clear
she's certainly one of those rare types
who only get better with age number
fourteen Spacek classically
beautiful Spacek who we all know
and love for her role in Carrie claims
that she herself has never turned to
plastic surgery
however speaking with Oprah she
mentioned that she doesn't mind photo
airbrushing and retouching which is
pretty common practice in magazines
other than that Spacek is perfectly
content with her appearance and let's be
honest who wouldn't be she looks just as
beautiful as she did 40 years ago
[Music]
number 15 sophie marceau sophie marceau
has always stayed true to herself and
never really changed her looks
dramatically and apparently she sticks
to the same approach when it comes to
plastic surgery - standing by her
natural beauty she's now in her 50s and
judging by her looks keeping it real was
the right decision after all I mean just
look at her the French actress still
uses unique femininity intelligence and
elegance number sixteen Isabelle oopah
speaking of French beauty's isabellew
pair is another example of ageing
gracefully and tastefully during her
interview with The Guardian she said
that aging doesn't concern her since
it's other people's problem and not hers
her secret to looking great is a good
skin care regimen high-quality makeup
elegant outerwear plenty of sleep and
confidence after all when you feel good
you look good too right
number 17 Juliette Binoche hmm the
French must be on to something because
actress Juliette Binoche is also draw
shopping with gorgeous she says that
while plastic surgery is huge in America
women in France prefer to take care of
themselves to keep their natural beauty
in check rather than go under the knife
beam OSHA's main tip for looking good at
any age is simple to drink more water
this ultimate beauty secret will never
get old
[Music]
number 18 Julianne Moore Julianne Moore
has always been a beautiful and
charismatic woman and actress an ageing
doesn't worry her at all during one of
her interviews Moore said that she
doesn't really care about getting older
and wants to let things take their
natural course despite all the pressure
that's put on women in the industry she
takes care of herself by doing yoga and
cardio and it certainly works as Moore
continues to be one of the most
beautiful women on the big screen what
about you what's your attitude toward
plastic surgery sound off in the
comments below remember to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to always stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]